>> James Halliday: Let's learn
now about regular expressions.
So regular expressions
are a pattern matching language,
it's often used for
different kinds of text
processing problems that you might have.
A lot of programming languages
have built in support for
regular expressions like JavaScript,
Pearl, and Ruby.
And like pretty much every program and
language is gonna have at least
a library that can do these regular
expressions, so they're very widespread.
If you learn them,
you can use them pretty much anywhere.
The command line, programming language.
But they're a little bit weird to look at,
and they take some getting used to.
But I think they're very powerful.
I probably write regular
expressions every single day.
Even if I'm not really doing much on a
computer, preferably at least a regex here
and there, just because, once you know
them and once you're kind of used to them,
there's just so many places where you
just need to fix some text a little bit.
And you can also use them from
inside of VIM and other editors.
So plenty of opportunities to use
them once you can get to know them.
So here's a few of those commands.
We've already seen grep and sed,
which are probably in your system.
There's also,
you can use perl or vim or less.
It's all places where
you can find regexes.
There are some annoying differences
sometimes between the engines because in
some of them you have to escape different
meta characters in different ways.
But,
>> James Halliday: In JavaScript,
you can do all of these kinds of methods.
That comma should be a closed paren.
Like splitting, so I could just show
you what each of these looks like.
So here if we have a string,
and we wanna split on a regex.
So I'll get into a moment,
but \s means wide space.
+ means one or more.
So we can